Fix components description docs (#143)
vtex-apps/product-summary: react/components/ProductSummaryName/README.md

## Description

> `ProductSummaryName` is a VTEX Component that render the product name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProductSummaryName` is a VTEX Component that renders the product's name.
```
